Chief Human Resources Officer
Gatehouse Administration Center
Description

Provides management oversight to all Fairfax County Public Schools (FCPS) programs and services related to human resources operations and human capital; develops and drives human resources strategies that align with the organization's goals and objectives and that empower the human resources organization to provide effective and efficient customer service; focuses on recruiting, retaining, and compensating a diverse, adaptive, and supported workforce; ensures that human resources policies and procedures are in compliance with federal, state, and local regulations; serves as a liaison between the School Board, community groups, and the Office of the Chief Human Resources Officer.
Qualifications

Required

Any combination of education and experience equivalent to a master's degree in human resources, public administration, business administration, psychology, or a closely related field.
Eight (8) years of progressively more responsible experience in HR operations/management.
Knowledge of the principles and practices of public school system policies and human resources programs.
Knowledge of federal, state, and local regulatory requirements applicable to the FCPS human resources programs.
Ability to establish and maintain effective working relationships with the multiplicity of constituencies served by the division, the School Board, and federal, state, and county officials.
Ability to manage fiscal, physical, and human resources necessary to carry out the diverse functions and programs of the department.
Ability to establish goals, objectives, and action plans.
Ability to analyze a variety of administrative, operational, and fiscal problems and make sound recommendations for solutions.
Ability to set, communicate, monitor, and assess program priorities and performance standards.
Ability to drive continuous improvements based on data-driven decision making.
Ability to plan, formulate, and execute policies and programs.
Ability to explain and interpret FCPS regulations, policies, and rules to individuals and groups to gain compliance, cooperation, and understanding.
Ability to manage, motivate, lead, and challenge a team (also through subordinates).
Ability to create an organizational culture of client-centered service.
Ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing.
Preferred

Doctoral degree.
Experience in the PreK-12 sector.